[SYNTH-18459] Add Synthetics Mobile IP ranges for HTTP steps (#27726)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/mobile_app_testing/mobile_app_tests/restricted_networks.md

`185.94.24.0/22`</br>
`34.96.70.78`</br>

> The following is the list of IP ranges associated with Synthetics Mobile HTTP steps. Please disregard if your company does not use this feature.

Reviewer: nit: maybe change "company..." to "tests do not use this feature"? A single company could have more than one Datadog org/more than one mobile app that they're testing etc.

> The following is the list of IP ranges associated with Synthetics Mobile HTTP steps. Please disregard if your company does not use this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the list of IP ranges required for executing HTTP steps within Synthetic Mobile Application Tests. You may disregard these ranges if your tests do not use HTTP steps.
```

Author: [f49c93d](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/27726/commits/f49c93d8e4384b05efacd034d649e2d6c97785cc)

`52.13.151.244/32`<br>
`54.201.250.26/32`<br>

> `44.236.137.143/3`<br>
> `52.35.189.191/32`<br>
> `34.208.32.189/32`<br>
> `52.35.61.232/32`<br>
> `52.89.221.151/3`<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`44.236.137.143/32`<br>
`52.35.189.191/32`<br>
`34.208.32.189/32`<br>
`52.35.61.232/32`<br>
`52.89.221.151/32`<br>
```

Author: [f49c93d](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/27726/commits/f49c93d8e4384b05efacd034d649e2d6c97785cc)
